the Catalan I want the logic who
I thought that after I left
recently the iphone5 and there are also for
I was not going to stop the thing and then I did not
now apple is working in a house
that you are already seeing here in modelito
which is called and glass these glasses is a
device that will also serve as
mobile even if you do not believe it, we'll take it
posts and what differs with some
glasses that has also come out of google
that are called bad agreement google
glaser and is that these google glasses
only for now what it does is a
transmission that has a camera in the
part of the next to the glasses does not have
nothing else on one side nothing more and it would be
as a video camera that maybe
has the option to record or send
video call
certain locations as if it were a
mobile too but these glasses go
still further those that are
trying to put into circulation that is
still in the experimentation phase of
apple some glasses that apart from the
options that we have had that has the
google links has the option that
has a screen
in what is the same eyewear that is going to
be able to reproduce images in 3-do be
that is going to be some glasses that also
it will cost an eye of the face but that
supposedly they want it to be the future
of the mobiles and instead of taking it in
the hand in the pocket with a pinganillo
waiting to be able to speak or to record
an image what these people want
take out some glasses that we take them
that do not bother that it serves to
help us in things from a browser or if
we have some image while we can
to walk that is a bit difficult
I do not know how they will get to sas but
they want to do that and apart from that when
let's go by like the google glass is
that you can record images
of yourselves walking without us
can bother to carry a mobile phone in the
hand and recording so that there would be
they saw by video call or recording some
event that can also serve to not
have to get to any device anything
plus
where do you look at the eye, so you can already
see the future can be said of the
mobiles in upper can be called and glass
just as in google they will soon get that
here I put you by the way on the side
left of the screen a video for
that you can see the google fat that another
glasses similar to this but the apple
supposedly to be more complete and
more in phone mode for nothing more
I hope you liked the
information has liked a life
favorites and subscribe me faces for more
news from the world of technology that
comes to us for nothing else come up
then